Issue templates (#1361)
OceanParcels/parcels: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/general-issue.md

---
name: parcels feature requests, enhancements, bug reporting

> about: Create an issue about improvements to the parcels codebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create an Issue about bugs in the Parcels codebase, or required improvements 
```
